profile/README.md, before:


<img width="1080" height="822" alt="Untitled design (2)-modified" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b87ce209-5301-432c-b007-f15d802c15a4" />


# Welcome to Hajira

Hajira is all about connecting people with work and opportunities in a simple, secure, and fair way. Whether you're looking for short-term gigs, trying to find talent for your project, or just exploring new ways to earn money, Hajira makes it easy to get started and succeed.

View the live site at : https://hajira-org.netlify.app/

## What Hajira Does

### 1. Quick and Flexible Gigs
Hajira helps you find short-term jobs that fit your schedule and skills. You can earn money on your own terms without committing to long contracts or fixed hours. It's perfect for side hustles, extra income, or testing out new skills.

### 2. Skill Matching
Our platform matches your abilities with the right opportunities. Whether you’re good at design, writing, coding, or physical tasks, Hajira ensures you find jobs that match your strengths and passions.

### 3. Secure Payments
Worried about getting paid? Hajira ensures all payments are secure, fast, and reliable. You only get paid for work completed, and employers can trust that the person they hire will deliver. Everyone wins.

### 4. Community Growth
Hajira isn’t just about work; it’s about building a supportive community. By connecting skilled individuals with those who need their talents, Hajira helps uplift communities and create meaningful relationships.

### 5. Effortless Hiring
For employers, Hajira makes it easy to find and hire the right talent. You can post jobs, review applications, and hire with confidence—all in a few clicks. No complicated hiring processes, no hidden fees.

### 6. Fair Policies
Hajira values fairness for both workers and employers. Our policies ensure that jobs are completed as agreed, everyone is treated respectfully, and disputes are handled quickly.

---

## How Hajira Helps People

- **For Job Seekers:**  
  - Discover flexible work opportunities that fit your skills and schedule.  
  - Get matched to jobs that suit your experience and passion.  
  - Receive secure payments quickly and reliably.  
  - Grow your skills and build a strong reputation in the community.  

- **For Employers:**  
  - Find skilled, reliable people for your projects.  
  - Post jobs easily and manage applications efficiently.  
  - Pay only for work that is completed successfully.  
  - Build long-term relationships with trusted workers.  

---

## Why People Love Hajira

- **Simple to Use:** From signing up to applying for jobs, everything is intuitive and easy.  
- **Flexible Opportunities:** Choose gigs that match your availability and skills.  
- **Trusted Community:** Connect with verified individuals and build a reputation.  
- **Empowering:** Hajira helps people earn, learn, and grow their skills.  
- **Fair and Transparent:** No hidden fees, no tricks—everything is clear and fair.  

---

## Real Stories from Hajira Users

> "Hajira has completely changed how I earn on the side. I can pick the jobs I want, work when I want, and get paid reliably every time."  
> — Amina Yusuf

> "As a small business owner, Hajira makes hiring so much easier. I can find the right people fast and know my project will get done without surprises."  
> — David Kamau

> "I struggled to find consistent work before Hajira. Now I have a steady stream of opportunities that match my skills."  
> — Grace Mwangi

---

## Join Hajira Today

Whether you want to find work, hire talent, or just explore new opportunities, Hajira is here to make it simple, fair, and secure. Get started today and see how Hajira can transform the way you work and connect with others.

Commit message:

Modify live site link in README
Updated live site link with alternative URL in case of downtimes.

profile/README.md, after:


<img width="1080" height="822" alt="Untitled design (2)-modified" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/b87ce209-5301-432c-b007-f15d802c15a4" />


# Welcome to Hajira

Hajira is all about connecting people with work and opportunities in a simple, secure, and fair way. Whether you're looking for short-term gigs, trying to find talent for your project, or just exploring new ways to earn money, Hajira makes it easy to get started and succeed.

View the live site at : https://hajira-org.netlify.app/ If the site doesnt work due to various reasons such as downtimes or server errors, switch to https://hajira-org.vercel.app/

## What Hajira Does

### 1. Quick and Flexible Gigs
Hajira helps you find short-term jobs that fit your schedule and skills. You can earn money on your own terms without committing to long contracts or fixed hours. It's perfect for side hustles, extra income, or testing out new skills.

### 2. Skill Matching
Our platform matches your abilities with the right opportunities. Whether you’re good at design, writing, coding, or physical tasks, Hajira ensures you find jobs that match your strengths and passions.

### 3. Secure Payments
Worried about getting paid? Hajira ensures all payments are secure, fast, and reliable. You only get paid for work completed, and employers can trust that the person they hire will deliver. Everyone wins.

### 4. Community Growth
Hajira isn’t just about work; it’s about building a supportive community. By connecting skilled individuals with those who need their talents, Hajira helps uplift communities and create meaningful relationships.

### 5. Effortless Hiring
For employers, Hajira makes it easy to find and hire the right talent. You can post jobs, review applications, and hire with confidence—all in a few clicks. No complicated hiring processes, no hidden fees.

### 6. Fair Policies
Hajira values fairness for both workers and employers. Our policies ensure that jobs are completed as agreed, everyone is treated respectfully, and disputes are handled quickly.

---

## How Hajira Helps People

- **For Job Seekers:**  
  - Discover flexible work opportunities that fit your skills and schedule.  
  - Get matched to jobs that suit your experience and passion.  
  - Receive secure payments quickly and reliably.  
  - Grow your skills and build a strong reputation in the community.  

- **For Employers:**  
  - Find skilled, reliable people for your projects.  
  - Post jobs easily and manage applications efficiently.  
  - Pay only for work that is completed successfully.  
  - Build long-term relationships with trusted workers.  

---

## Why People Love Hajira

- **Simple to Use:** From signing up to applying for jobs, everything is intuitive and easy.  
- **Flexible Opportunities:** Choose gigs that match your availability and skills.  
- **Trusted Community:** Connect with verified individuals and build a reputation.  
- **Empowering:** Hajira helps people earn, learn, and grow their skills.  
- **Fair and Transparent:** No hidden fees, no tricks—everything is clear and fair.  

---

## Real Stories from Hajira Users

> "Hajira has completely changed how I earn on the side. I can pick the jobs I want, work when I want, and get paid reliably every time."  
> — Amina Yusuf

> "As a small business owner, Hajira makes hiring so much easier. I can find the right people fast and know my project will get done without surprises."  
> — David Kamau

> "I struggled to find consistent work before Hajira. Now I have a steady stream of opportunities that match my skills."  
> — Grace Mwangi

---

## Join Hajira Today

Whether you want to find work, hire talent, or just explore new opportunities, Hajira is here to make it simple, fair, and secure. Get started today and see how Hajira can transform the way you work and connect with others.
